Update README.md (#1)
oraNod/ansible-builder: README.md

Ansible Builder is a tool that automates the process of building execution
environments using the schemas and tooling defined in various Ansible
collections and by the user.

> See the readthedocs page for `ansible-builder` at:

Author: ```suggestion
See the Read the Docs page for `ansible-builder` at:
```
